Date 24/02/2021:
	1. Started looking for how to run selenium because my selenium started to crash I forgot to update Chrome.
	2. Used selenium first to fetch scrap data and set the things up
	3. Later found it was every slow to scrap data and switch to normal request method.
	4. Unable to request url of Flipkart because request module keeps add its own user-agent to it
	5. Manually added header and params for the search url
	(Assumption)6. Not sure whether to scrap data from flipkart or Amazon or Both. So selected Flipkart as default
	7. Done with problem 1

Date 25/02/2021:
	1. Looking for how to get input number of product. After many trail and error ,found that there is a params that take page no .
	2. Sort by range was also set using url method params
	3. Price Range was very complicated to pass as params but after hours of trail switched to complete url with data included rather than passing it.
	4. Delivery Pincode parameter was not there in url so started looking for how to add how to pincode are set .Unable to find anything related to it.

Date 26/02/2021:
	1. Again started looking for pincodes working, Hours of searching and inspecting brower later found there was some local storage named as pincodes had valued was setted.
	2. Looked for how to get or set or change these local storage variable found some result but none were working.
	3. Tried to automate brower to set delivery pincode and later droped to because it was very very time consuming.
	4. Not added delivery features to Problem2.py 

Date 27/02/2021:
	1. Working to problem 4, unable to decide how to solve.
	2. Found result first from flipkart and then look for founded model no from amazon and  if less priced product found then change it.
	3. Excel file error was created, found out that hyperlink had more no of '=' in it, parsed it and worked fine.
	4. Created github and added files and decription to some

(Note : Unable to create some sort of web app or desktop application because my Sweden-India Hackaton was started online from 26/02/2021 7.30pm)